Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) was
established in 1971 as the nation's first graduate school specializing
in science and engineering education and research. The school's
founding was a catalyst for Korea's rapid rise from a producer of
light industry goods to a world leader in high-technology industries.
 
The political leadership in the 1960s and 1970s singled out education,
work ethics and technological advancement as the means of transforming
Korea from an underdeveloped agrarian society into an emerging economy
equipped with technological and industrial competitiveness. KAIST was
founded under a special law with government funding and initially
staffed with a number of Korean engineering and science faculty
educated in the United States.
 
Research emphasis from the outset has been put on both theoretical and
applied studies. KAIST continues to be Korea's foremost center for
mid- to long-term strategic R&D projects with national and
international significance. The University has pioneered the
establishment of competitive graduate school programs in Korea.
 
Over the past four decades, KAIST has evolved into a global research
university. The University's strong faculty conducts internationally
recognized research in cooperation with academic institutions and
industries all over the world. KAIST offers generous grants and
fellowships to international students, promoting Korea as a global
educational power.
 
The University has in recent years been recruiting distinguished
scholars from overseas. All lectures at KAIST are given in English in
principle to better serve a growing number of graduate and
undergraduate students from overseas.
 
The merger of KAIST and Information and Communications University in
March 2009 further expanded KAIST's academic asset in both research
and education and enhanced its role as the major provider of high-tech
manpower for Korea's ever-growing economy. ICU had been established in
1997 as the nation's only information technology research university
jointly funded by the Korean government and some IT industrial
organizations. Before the merger, ICU had 109 faculty members for
bachelor's, master's and doctoral programs in its School of
Engineering and School of IT-Business to a student-faculty ratio of 10
to 1, the lowest in Korea.
